STAC-23602: Documentation for the new backup cli tool (#141)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/data-management/backup_restore/backup_restore.adoc

[WARNING]
====
*Restoring from backup will purge or overwrite existing data. This operation cannot be undone.*

Always verify the backup name and namespace before confirming a restore operation.
====

[NOTE]
====
*Before you use the CLI, ensure that:*

* You are using the latest version of the backup CLI.
* The CLI expects a kubeconfig with a current context to the cluster where SUSE Observability is installed.
* `backup.enabled` is set to `true`.
====

== Download the backup CLI

The CLI can be downloaded from https://github.com/StackVista/stackstate-backup-cli/releases/latest[stackstate-backup-cli releases (github.com)]. Download the package matching your platform and extract it. The binary is named `sts-backup`.

Available platforms:

* `stackstate-backup-cli-<version>.darwin-arm64.tar.gz` - macOS (Apple Silicon)
* `stackstate-backup-cli-<version>.darwin-x86_64.tar.gz` - macOS (Intel)
* `stackstate-backup-cli-<version>.linux-arm64.tar.gz` - Linux (ARM64)
* `stackstate-backup-cli-<version>.linux-x86_64.tar.gz` - Linux (x86_64)
* `stackstate-backup-cli-<version>.windows-x86_64.zip` - Windows (x86_64)

[TIP]
====

> For convenience, copy the `sts-backup` binary to a directory in your `$PATH` (e.g., `/usr/local/bin` on Linux/macOS) so you can run it from anywhere without specifying the full path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, copy the `sts-backup` binary to a directory in your `$PATH` (for example, `/usr/local/bin` on Linux/macOS) so you can run it from anywhere without specifying the full path.
```
